Make the C# package README user-facing (#1764)
payjoin/rust-payjoin: payjoin-ffi/csharp/README.md

## Install

```shell
dotnet add package Payjoin --prerelease
```

Requires .NET 10.0 or later, on one of:

| OS      | RIDs                       |
| ------- | -------------------------- |
| Linux   | `linux-x64`, `linux-arm64` |
| macOS   | `osx-arm64`, `osx-x64`     |
| Windows | `win-x64`, `win-arm64`     |

## Receive a payjoin

A receiver session produces a BIP 21 URI to show the sender. It works with every wallet: a payjoin-aware sender upgrades to a payjoin, any other wallet simply sends to the address as usual.

A session starts with the directory's OHTTP keys, fetched through an OHTTP relay so the directory never learns your IP address, then builds a receiver for your address and persists every step to an event log so your app can crash or restart and resume where it left off. From there the session advances through a typestate flow: each state hands you a request to relay with your own HTTP client, and the response moves you to the next state, through checking the sender's original transaction, contributing inputs, and posting the proposal.

> The usage reference is the commented walkthrough in [`IntegrationTests.cs`](https://github.com/payjoin/rust-payjoin/blob/master/payjoin-ffi/csharp/IntegrationTests.cs): `TestIntegrationV2ToV2` drives a complete payjoin from both sides, executed by CI on every change so it cannot go stale, and narrates each protocol step, from opening and persisting the session through the receiver checklist to signing the proposal.

Reviewer: I would put this in its own section above `Receiver a payjoin` so it is immediately identifiable and not buried in text. Maybe could call the section `End to end example` or something similar.

## Send a payjoin

> A sender session starts from a BIP 21 URI scanned from the receiver (`Payjoin.Uri.Parse(...).CheckPjSupported()`) and the wallet's signed PSBT, posts that original PSBT, and polls for the receiver's proposal through the same request/response flow. The sender half of the same walkthrough shows every step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A sender session starts from a BIP 21 URI scanned from the receiver (`Payjoin.Uri.Parse(...).CheckPjSupported()`) which is used to create and sign the original PSBT which is then posted back to the receiver. Then the sender polls for the receiver's payjoin proposal through a request/response flow. Once the sender receives the payjoin proposal it can sign and broadcast it to the network. The sender half of the same walkthrough shows every step.
```

Something like this that is a bit clearer might be better.

# Payjoin C# Bindings

Welcome to the C# language bindings for the [Payjoin Dev Kit](https://payjoindevkit.org/)!

> Payjoin lets the receiver of a Bitcoin transfer contribute inputs to the sender's transaction. The result looks like any other transaction, which preserves privacy by poisoning the common-input-ownership heuristic that chain surveillance depends on, and it lets the receiver batch its own operations into the same transaction. These bindings implement both [BIP 78](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0078.mediawiki) (synchronous payjoin) and [BIP 77](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0077.md) (asynchronous payjoin, where sender and receiver exchange the transaction through an untrusted directory and never need to be online at the same time), and ship with native libraries for every supported platform, so no Rust toolchain is required.

Reviewer 2: I prefer the BIP77 abstract's first sentence

> Payjoin lets Bitcoin senders and receivers interact to make batched transactions.

Because the interaction is the core that lest both cooperate to choose inputs and outputs. Yes, past  discussion, and most privacy consequences have been discussed in the context of input-contribution but I think that's a limited view. Just a pin to track for later.
